[GRUNTING]
PUT YOUR BACK INTO IT.
I WANT TO REACH
ACADEMY ISLAND BY DAYBREAK.
YES, SIR.
I WON'T HAVE MY SON
WASTING ONE MORE SLACKING DAY
AT THAT SCHOOL.
CHUMLEY'S COMING HOME.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKIN' TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX! ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT! ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
YOU BETTER PLAY
YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE
THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX! ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
YOU BETTER PLAY
YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪
AHH, THIS IS THE LIFE!
GREEN GRASS...
SOME WARM SUNSHINE...
MY OWN PRIVATE--
Syrus:
JAAAAAA-DEN!
HUH?
[GRUNT]
MAYBE NOT SO PRIVATE.
JADEN!
YOU'VE GOTTA
COME QUICK!
SOMETHING TERRIBLE'S
HAPPENED!
TRAPS TEST.
YOU FLUNKED, HUH?
ACTUALLY,
I GOT A "B."
B-BUT...THAT'S NOT
THE REASON
I CAME HERE, JADEN.
IT'S CHUMLEY.
HIS DAD JUST SHOWED UP!
YEAH, SO WHAT?
HE RAID OUR FRIDGE?
NO, JADEN!
HE CAME HERE
TO FORCE CHUMLEY
TO DROP OUT!
DROP OUT?!
NO WAY, NOT OUR BUDDY!
OHH.
[LAUGHING]
NO WAY.
THAT'S HIS DAD?
LOOKS LIKE
A BODYBUILDER, HUH?
YEAH.
THOUGH, CARRYING AROUND
CHUMLEY AS A KID,
YOU'D KIND OF HAVE TO BE.
I MEAN,
DON'T GET ME WRONG.
IF CHUMLEY WAS ANY GOOD
AT DUELING,
IT'D BE ONE THING...
BUT CLEARLY HE'S NOT!
HE'S WASTING HIS TIME HERE.
IT'S TIME FOR HIM
TO GIVE UP DUELING
AND COME BACK HOME.
I SEE YOUR POINT.
CHUMLEY IS A BIT,
UH...
HEH HEH HEH!
HE'S A BIT DENSE!
YOU CAN SAY IT.
THAT'S WHY I WANT HIM
TO COME HOME
AND JOIN
THE FAMILY BUSINESS--
THE HOT SAUCE
BUSINESS.
YOU DO LIKE HOT SAUCE?
OH, YES.
I LOVE IT.
I CAN'T GET
ENOUGH OF IT!
LOUD AND CLEAR!
HERE! FREE SAMPLE!
OH, NO.
I REALLY COULDN'T.
OH, YES, YOU COULD.
COME ON,
JUST THINK OF IT
AS A GOOD-BYE GIFT
FROM ME AND CHUMLEY.
SO HE'S
REALLY DROPPING?!
NO, NOT IF WE
CAN HELP IT, SYRUS!
COME ON,
WE GOTTA GO TALK
SOME SENSE INTO HIM!
CHUMLEY!
[GASP]
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING,
CHUMLEY?
WHAT'S IT LOOK LIKE?
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE GIVIN' UP.
LIKE YOU'RE TAKIN'
EVERYTHING
YOU'VE WORKED FOR
AND THROWIN' IT
AWAY.
LIKE YOU'RE ABANDONIN'
ALL YOUR DREAMS...
ALL OF YOUR DUELING
GOALS...
AND YOU
DON'T EVEN CARE!
OH. CHUMLEY?
HE DOES CARE.
NO.
I GOT SOMETHING IN MY EYE, OK?
BOTH OF THEM.
NOW, JUST LEAVE ME ALONE,
WOULDJA?!
[SOBBING]
I MEAN...
IT'S NOT LIKE I'M WORTH
WASTING YOUR TIME ON ANYHOW.
AT LEAST, ACCORDING
TO MY DAD, I'M NOT.
BUT HE DOESN'T KNOW,
I REALLY COULD BE
A CHAMPION DUELIST,
CUZ I HAVE A SPECIAL POWER
THAT I HAVEN'T TOLD ANYBODY!
SOMETIMES DUEL MONSTERS
TALK TO ME!
HMM.
WELL, DIDJA
TELL THIS TO
YOUR DAD, CHUMLEY?
OF COURSE NOT!
EVERYTHING TO HIM IS JUST
HOT SAUCE, HOT SAUCE, HOT SAUCE!
[GRUNT]
COME ON!
SO THERE YOU HAVE IT!
CHUMLEY CAN'T BE
ALLOWED TO DROP OUT!
HE'S GOT A GIFT!
OH, SURE!
A GIFT FOR EATING
GRILLED CHEESE.
LOOK, I KNOW CHUMLEY.
I'M HIS ROOMMATE.
NOT TO MENTION HIS PAL.
YEAH, ME, TOO.
AH,
WHAT JADEN SAID.
LOOK, BOYS...
I RESPECT YOU
STICKING UP FOR
YOUR FRIEND HERE,
BUT I'M AFRAID
THAT THIS IS
A PERSONAL MATTER.
IT'S NOT
YOUR BUSINESS.
[GRUNT]
THAT'S RIGHT.
IT'S FAMILY BUSINESS.
BUT, SIR--
WHICH IS WHY I PROPOSE...
A DUEL!
HUH?
THAT'S RIGHT,
FATHER VERSUS SON!
IF YOU HAVE THIS SPECIAL GIFT
YOUR FRIENDS SAY,
YOU SHOULD BEAT ME EASY!
AND I'LL LET YOU STAY
AT THE ACADEMY.
BUT! IF YOU LOSE...
THEN! YOU COME HOME!
IT'S A DEAL!
GOOD, THEN LET'S DUEL
FIRST THING
TOMORROW MORNING!
HOW DOES THAT SOUND,
CHANCELLOR?
SO BE IT.
TOMORROW MORNING,
IT WILL BE DECIDED.
WILL CHUMLEY STAY
OR GO?
Jaden: HA HA HA!
SEE, GUYS?
WHAT'D I TELL YOU?
IT WAS A PIECE 'A CAKE
TO CONVINCE
CHUMLEY'S DAD
TO LET HIM STAY
AT THE ACADEMY!
JADEN, WE JUST
CONVINCED HIM TO A DUEL.
CHUMLEY STILL HAS TO WIN
IF HE'S GOING TO STAY!
YEAH...BUT, COME ON,
CHUMLEY'S DAD
DOESN'T KNOW
HOW TO DUEL!
HE'S AN AMATEUR!
AM I RIGHT?
AHEM.
ACTUALLY, HE'S BEEN
STATE DUEL CHAMPION
3 YEARS IN A ROW.
HUH?
WHY DO YOU THINK
HE WAS SO INSISTENT
CHUMLEY GO
TO DUELING SCHOOL?
HE WANTED HIS SON
TO BE LIKE HIM.
OH, AND WAIT'LL YOU
SEE HIS DECK!
OHH!
AS YOU ALL KNOW,
HE EARNS A LIVING OFF
HIS SPECIAL HOT SAUCE.
WELL, HIS DECK REFLECTS
THE KICK OF THIS SAUCE.
IT CAN TAKE YOU OUT IN ONE TURN,
LIKE A BUFFALO WING
TAKES YOU OUT IN ONE BITE.
[BOTH GASP]
AND, OH,
THE MORNING AFTER!
UHH!
SO CHUMLEY ACCEPTED
KNOWIN' ALL A' THAT?!
CHUMLEY!
YOU MUST REALLY
WANNA STAY THEN, HUH?!
NOW, COME ON!
LET'S GO GET
YOUR DECK READY, CHUM!
Kumazo: AW, COME ON!
HA! JUST A LITTLE BIT
MORE HOT SAUCE.
YOU CAN HANDLE IT!
YOU ARE SO VERY GENEROUS.
MY PLEASURE!
AND YOUR CAT'S,
FROM THE LOOK OF IT!
YES, GOOD THING
I'M STOCKED UP ON KITTY LITER.
OH, SPEAKIN' OF!
NATURE CALLS!
Jaden: WHAT'S WITH
CHUMLEY'S CARDS?
THEY'RE ALL KOALAS.
Chumley:
KOALAS ARE
MY FAVORITE, DUH!
NOW, DON'T GET ME WRONG,
CHUMLEY, KOALA'S ARE COOL...
BUT CAN YOU WIN
WITH THEM?
HERE,
TRY THIS CARD OUT!
I GOT IT A WHILE BACK
BUT NEVER USE IT.
MAYBE YOU CAN!
WOW, SY. REALLY?
YEAH. IF YOU JOIN IT
WITH ONE OF YOUR KOALAS,
YOU'LL HAVE YOURSELF
A DECK FROM DOWN UNDER!
[WHIMPERS]
OH! AND I GOT SOMETHING
FOR YA, TOO!
IT COULD REALLY
COME IN HANDY!
HUH?
HMM.
Banner:
ALL RIGHT. CHUMLEY,
MR. HUFFINGTON?
YOU BOTH KNOW WHAT THE STAKES
ARE FOR THIS MATCH.
IF CHUMLEY WINS,
HE GETS TO STAY AT SCHOOL.
HOWEVER, IF HE LOSES THE DUEL,
WELL, THEN...
HE HAS TO GO BACK HOME.
THAT'S RIGHT,
OR MY HOT SAUCE
WON'T CHAP YOUR LIPS!
HMM. CHUMLEY?
YOU SURE YOU'RE OK WITH THIS?
CAN YOU HANDLE GOING TO WORK FOR
YOUR DAD'S HOT SAUCE COMPANY?
CHAPPED LIPS...
I CAN HANDLE ANYTHING
RIGHT NOW!
HMM. FINE.
THEN, WITHOUT FURTHER ADO,
LET'S BEGIN THE DUEL,
GENTLEMEN!
ALL RIGHT!
[GRUNT]
GO TIME!
[MEOW]
HERE I COME!
[THINKING]
TOTALLY LISHUS!
FIRST...
I'LL PLAY DES KOALA
IN ATTACK MODE!
IN ATTACK MODE?
DON'T YOU KNOW
IF YOU FIRST PLACED HIM
IN DEFENSE MODE,
THEN FLIPPED HIM
TO ATTACK MODE LATER,
DES KOALA'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
WOULD HAVE CAUSED ME
400 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EVERY CARD
IN MY HAND?
DUH, OF COURSE
I KNEW THAT!
AT LEAST, NOW I DO.
NOW'S TOO LATE!
YOU SHOULD'VE
TAKEN YOUR STUDIES
MORE SERIOUSLY!
MAYBE NOW YOU'LL LEARN!
HMM.
WATCH HIM CLOSELY, CHILDREN.
YOU MAY LEARN SOMETHING.
SEEING AS HOW
HE'S A STATE CHAMP,
I DON'T DOUBT IT.
I JUST HOPE IT'S NOT
THE ONE-TURN FINISHER
HE'S KNOWN FOR!
[CHUCKLING]
READY, SON?
UH-OH.
HERE I COME!
HMM.
I SUMMON DIZZY TIGER
IN ATTACK MODE!
[ROARING]
A DIZZY...TIGER?
WEIRD.
SO...WHY'S HE DIZZY?
IT LOOKS LIKE
TOO MUCH HOT SAUCE.
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
THAT THAT BEAST
DOESN'T STILL
HAVE SOME BITE LEFT!
DIZZY TIGER ATTACK!
HOT SAUCE SLAP!
OH!
OH, THAT'S HOT SAUCE,
ALL RIGHT!
OH, BOY.
THAT STINKS!
BUT HIS ATTACK
SURE DIDN'T!
HA HA HA!
AT THIS RATE,
WE'LL BE HOME BEFORE DINNER,
WHICH'LL BE HOT SAUCE,
I MIGHT ADD.
I'LL TELL YA
WHAT YA CAN DO
WITH YOUR HOT SAUCE--
HEY, KEEP YOUR COOL
THERE, CHUMLEY!
IT'S NICE THAT HE'S
STANDING UP FOR HIMSELF
IN FRONT OF HIS DAD,
THOUGH!
[GRUNT]
AAH!
CHUM!
FIGHT BACK!
I KNOW!
LISHUS!
YEAH, THIS MIGHT
JUST WORK...
ALL RIGHT.
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
KOALA MARCH!
WITH IT, I CAN SUMMON
A KOALA MONSTER
BACK FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AS LONG AS IT'S
A LEVEL 4 OR BELOW!
HEY, LOOK, JADEN!
NOW CHUMLEY HAS
HIS DES KOALA
ON THE FIELD AGAIN!
THAT'S TRUE.
I JUST HOPE THAT
HE CAN WORK IT BETTER
THIS TIME AROUND!
NOT IT...THEM.
KOALA MARCH'S ALSO
LETS HIM SUMMON
ANOTHER MONSTER
FROM HIS HAND
IF IT'S THE SAME ONE
HE BROUGHT BACK
FROM THE GRAVEYARD,
AND IF I KNOW CHUMLEY...
I SUMMON
ANOTHER DES KOALA!
I SACRIFICE BOTH OF THEM
TO SUMMON...
BIG KOALA!
HMM. NOT BAD.
NO DUH, NOT BAD!
NOW, BIG KOALA,
ATTACK DIZZY TIGER!
TAKE DOWN
FROM DOWN UNDER!
AAH!
OH.
DIZZY TIGER'S GONEZO!
[GRUNT]
ALL RIGHT!
THAT'S THE WAY
YA DO IT!
SO YOU WANNA FIGHT?
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S FIGHT.
I CALL DIZZY ANGEL!
HE REEKS
OF HOT SAUCE, TOO!
AND FROM HOW
HE CAN HARDLY
STAND UP,
I'D SAY HE'S HAD
HIS FAIR SHARE OF IT.
[THINKING]
WHOA...
I'M STARTING TO HEAR
THOSE WEIRD MONSTER
VOICES AGAIN.
NOW! I ACTIVATE...
THE SPELL CARD
HOT SAUCE BOTTLE!
AND I ALSO ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
FLIPPING THE TABLE.
HA HA HA!
AAH!
[COUGHING]
HA HA HA!
WHAT A CARD!
IT DESTROYS EVERYTHING
ON MY FIELD...
EVERYTHING EXCEPT
FOR ITSELF, THAT IS.
AND THEN THE SAME AMOUNT
OF CARDS ON YOUR FIELD
ARE ALSO DESTROYED!
NOW YOU'RE LEFT
DEFENSELESS!
THAT MUST BE
HIS SPECIAL
ONE-STRIKE ATTACK!
YEAH, AND I DUNNO
IF I LIKE IT.
IT TOTALLY
RESETS THE FIELD.
IT'S HARDLY EVEN
FAIR!
THAT'S JUST LIKE YOU.
YA DON'T LIKE SOMETHING,
SO YOU TRASH IT!
HA HA HA!
I DIDN'T GET TO BE
A HOT SAUCE TYCOON
BY BEING NICE, SON!
[HUMMING]
HEY!
WHY IS ANGEL BACK?
WASN'T HE DESTROYED
BY FLIPPING THE TABLE?
HA HA HA!
WISHFUL THINKING!
BUT YA SEE, DIZZY ANGEL
HAS A SPECIAL ABILITY!
HE CAN'T BE DESTROYED
BY THE EFFECT OF
FLIPPING THE TABLE.
WHAT?! AW, GREAT...
NOW THIS GUY'S GONNA
KEEP WEIRDING ME OUT.
GETS WORSE!
CUZ WHEN MY ONE
HOT SAUCE BOTTLE
IS DESTROYED
AND SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD,
ITS SPECIAL EFFECT
ACTIVATES!
THAT CAUSES YOU
500 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
UGH! DOES IT HAVE TO
STINK, TOO?
BUT I'M NOT DONE YET!
DIZZY ANGEL,
GO IN FOR YOUR ATTACK!
HOT SAUCE SIZZLER!
OHH!
CHUMLEY!
I JUST CAN'T WIN!
[THINKING]
DON'T WORRY, SON.
THIS WILL BE OVER SOON.
MAKE YOUR MOVE,
WHY DONTCHA?
BUT MAKE SURE YOU
THINK IT THROUGH, CHUMLEY.
OTHERWISE, YOU'LL BE BACK HOME
BOTTLING HOT SAUCE!
DUH, I KNOW!
[THINKING GROWL]
HEY, IT'S THIS CARD.
HERE,
TRY THIS CARD OUT!
I GOT IT A WHILE BACK
BUT NEVER USE IT.
MAYBE YOU CAN!
WOW, SY.
YOU MEAN IT?
YEAH. IF YOU JOIN IT
WITH ONE OF YOUR KOALAS,
YOU'LL HAVE YOURSELF
A DECK FROM DOWN UNDER!
WELL, I GUESS NOW'S
AS GOOD A TIME AS ANY.
FIRST I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD...
SILENT DOOM!
WITH IT, I'M ALLOWED
TO SUMMON ONE MONSTER
BACK TO THE FIELD
FROM THE GRAVEYARD!
AND I CHOOSE BIG KOALA!
[THINKING]
THEY WON'T KICK ME OUT
WITHOUT A FIGHT!
NEXT I ACTIVATE
POLYMERIZATION...
AND FUSE BIG KOALA
WITH THE DES KANGAROO
IN MY HAND...
TO CREATE
THE MASTER OF OZ!
[THINKING]
HMM. LIKE I DIDN'T
SEE THAT COMING.
Jaden: OOH, HEY!
AND I GOT SOMETHIN'
FOR YA, TOO!
IT COULD REALLY
COME IN HANDY!
AFTER ALL, WITH
4,200 ATTACK POINTS,
IT PACKS
A PRETTY GOOD WALLOP!
YOU WOULD REALLY
JUST GIVE ME
SUCH A POWERFUL CARD,
JADEN?
YEAH,
OF COURSE I WOULD!
WE'RE BUDDIES!
AND THAT'S WHAT BUDDIES
DO FOR EACH OTHER.
BESIDES, YOU BELONG HERE
WITH US!
HMM.
NOW GO, OZ!
OUTBACK ATTACK!
WHAT A SHOT!
[COUGHING]
I'M STILL HERE!
YEAH?! SO BRING IT!
AW, MAN!
CHUM ALMOST
HAD HIM THERE!
THIS IS CLOSE!
YEAH...THIS ONE
IS GOIN' RIGHT DOWN
TO THE WIRE.
CHUMLEY...
YOU'VE FOUGHT A GOOD DUEL,
BUT YOU'VE LOST.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
MASTER OF OZ HAS
4,200 ATTACK POINTS!
IT DOESN'T MATTER!
YOU FORGET...
WITH ONE FLIP OF THE TABLE,
HE'LL BE GONE!
THAT CARD DOESN'T
SCARE ME, DAD.
YOU FORGET,
I KNOW ITS WEAKNESS!
FLIPPING THE TABLE
HAS A WEAKNESS?
THAT'S RIGHT.
ONCE YOU USE IT,
YOU CAN'T SUMMON UP
A MONSTER!
AND THAT MEANS...
YOU'LL BE
DEFENSELESS, DAD!
I'LL WIN!
YOU'LL LOSE! HA!
NOT BAD, SON.
YOU'VE ACCURATELY SPOTTED
THE CARD'S WEAK SPOT.
I'M VERY IMPRESSED
WITH YOU.
BUT STILL...
IT WON'T CHANGE THINGS!
SEE, WITH WHAT
I HAVE PLANNED,
SO WHAT
IF I'M DEFENSELESS?
TWO HOT SAUCE BOTTLES!
WAIT, IF ONE BOTTLE'S
DESTROYED,
HE TAKES
500 POINTS OF DAMAGE...
SO IF TWO ARE DESTROYED...
IT'LL BE BAD!
I ACTIVATE
FLIPPING THE TABLE!
[GRUNT]
[COUGHING]
THAT'S TWO BOTTLES DOWN.
SO THAT MEANS 1,000
POINTS OF DAMAGE TO YOU!
HUH?
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
HE LOST!
POOR CHUMLEY.
[GROAN]
HMM.
CHUMLEY, COME ON!
YOU DON'T REALLY
HAVE TO GO, DO YOU?
DUH. I MADE A PROMISE,
AND I'M GONNA KEEP IT.
THEN THIS IS REALLY IT?
[WHIMPER]
YOU'RE A GOOD DUELIST,
CHUMLEY.
GOOD LUCK.
SAME TO YOU.
[CRYING]
ANYWAY, I BETTER
GET GOING NOW.
THERE'S A WHOLE LOT OF
HOT SAUCE OUT THERE
THAT NEEDS BOTTLING.
AND I'M SURE YOU'LL
BOTTLE IT GREAT.
Chumley:
HEY, PROFESSOR,
WHERE'S MY DAD?
YOUR FATHER HAD TO GO.
SOMETHING WENT WRONG
WITH THE MILDS.
HUH?
BUT HE WROTE YOU THIS
AND WANTED ME
TO GIVE IT TO YOU.
HMM.
"DEAR SON,
"THERE'S MORE TO SCHOOL
THAN JUST YOUR STUDIES.
"AND WHILE YOU MAY NOT HAVE MADE
GREAT GRADES THERE,
"YOU'VE MADE SOME GREAT FRIENDS.
THAT'S REASON ENOUGH
FOR YOU TO STAY."
[SOBBING]
DAD!
DADDY!
I WON'T LET YOU DOWN!
I WON'T LET ANY OF YOU DOWN!
FROM HERE ON OUT,
I'M GOING TO MAKE YOU
PROUD OF ME!
MY FAMILY AND MY FRIENDS!
Kumazo: COME ON,
PUT YOUR BACK INTO IT!
THERE'S CASE OF HOT SAUCE
IN IT FOR YOU
IF WE GET BACK
BEFORE DAWN!
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪